https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030523366 | Win | ChampionOfLight | Corviknight, Darmanitan-Galar, Wobbuffet, Chandelure, Lapras, Rillaboom
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030548871 | Win | Yoda2798 | Tyranitar, Excadrill, Braviary, Sylveon, Rotom-Wash, Dragapult
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030558620 | Win | Yoda2798 | Inteleon, Rotom-Mow, Sylveon, Braviary, Silvally-*, Grimmsnarl
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030560714 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Scorbunny
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030561938 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Scorbunny
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030562366 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Scorbunny
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030564160 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Diglett
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030564856 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Diglett
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030565028 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Diglett
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030565162 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Diglett
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030565515 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Diglett, Alcremie
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030565803 | Win | Yoda2798 | Gyarados, Diglett, Alcremie
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030582714 | Loss | cheapbabies | Grimmsnarl, Hatterene, Dracozolt, Eiscue, Roserade, Pyukumuku
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030583768 | Loss | cheapbabies | Grimmsnarl, Hatterene, Dracozolt, Eiscue, Roserade, Pyukumuku
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030586453 | Loss | NotGhostP | Dracovish, Whimsicott, Lucario, Arcanine, Ditto, Eiscue
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030588371 | Win | Grcjytyd | Darmanitan-Galar, Gardevoir
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030589035 | Win | XtheGAMEmaster | Sylveon, Accelgor, Drampa, Toxtricity, Pangoro, Jolteon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030593724 | Win | concavejuju | Butterfree, Clefable, Ninjask, Lunatone, Raichu, Flygon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030596385 | Win | newatgamelul | Grimmsnarl, Obstagoon, Lucario, Whimsicott, Gastrodon-East, Corviknight
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030599138 | Win | BluePhoenix97x | Polteageist, Oranguru, Hatterene, Hattrem
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030599340 | Win | oshoindoubles | Dragapult, Toxapex, Mr. Mime-Galar, Drampa, Sylveon, Tyranitar
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030607864 | Loss | pokemaster6T | Hatterene, Indeedee-F, Weezing-Galar, Dusclops, Torkoal, Copperajah
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030609624 | Win | KingMuggette | Ninetales, Charizard, Torkoal, Shiftry, Vileplume, Cinderace
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030610645 | Win | cheapbabies | Grimmsnarl, Hatterene, Dracozolt, Eiscue-Noice, Roserade, Pyukumuku
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030612432 | Win | Barronmaster | Corsola-Galar, Cinderace, Whimsicott, Arcanine, Vanilluxe, Dracovish
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030614830 | Loss | EHDMadison | Greedent, Runerigus, Hatterene, Duraludon, Rotom-Wash, Grimmsnarl
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030615930 | Win | SoulSalem | Lucario, Whimsicott, Arcanine, Togekiss, Milotic, Hatterene
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030617233 | Loss | EHDMadison | Greedent, Runerigus, Hatterene, Duraludon, Rotom-Wash, Grimmsnarl
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030618977 | Loss | ilbuffone | Butterfree, Rhyperior, Mimikyu-Busted, Araquanid, Gothitelle, Torkoal
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030621381 | Loss | HydraSylvatica | Cofagrigus, Escavalier, Mudsdale, Accelgor, Cramorant, Lapras
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030623684 | Win | Barronmaster | Corsola-Galar, Cinderace, Whimsicott, Arcanine, Vanilluxe, Dracovish
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030625833 | Win | Sharkeeyy | Aegislash, Indeedee, Conkeldurr, Duraludon, Seismitoad, Oranguru
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030626174 | Loss | SirThOwl | Indeedee-F, Oranguru, Greedent, Boltund, Vanilluxe, Conkeldurr
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030628618 | Win | 0kolner | Torkoal, Shiftry, Xatu, Alcremie, Froslass, Charizard
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030630303 | Win | Brandy231 | Whimsicott, Gardevoir, Excadrill, Dracovish, Salazzle, Mandibuzz
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030631780 | Loss | EHDMadison | Greedent, Runerigus, Hatterene, Duraludon, Rotom-Wash, Grimmsnarl
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030634082 | Win | PerformerM | Cinderace, Corviknight, Frosmoth, Dragapult, Grimmsnarl, Toxtricity
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030635481 | Win | Keo4 | Dragapult, Arcanine, Togedemaru, Dracovish, Rotom-Wash, Gothitelle
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030638336 | Win | 1234567890123456L | Pelipper, Barraskewda, Ludicolo, Ferrothorn, Seismitoad, Raichu
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030641284 | Win | roi333 | Cinccino, Alcremie, Togekiss, Pikachu, Torkoal, Sableye
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030643545 | Loss | Turters | Ribombee, Copperajah, Mr. Mime-Galar, Chandelure, Sirfetch'd, Silvally-*
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030645493 | Loss | MillvilleMeteor | Steelix, Hatterene, Braviary, Rotom-Wash, Hydreigon, Arcanine
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030647152 | Win | Groundhoggie | Dracovish, Clefable, Hippowdon, Excadrill, Hatterene, Aegislash
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030650090 | Loss | OnionBits | Greedent, Dragapult, Oranguru, Conkeldurr, Runerigus, Weezing-Galar
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030652363 | Loss | juanlu009 | Tyranitar, Excadrill, Sylveon, Hitmontop, Rotom-Heat, Gastrodon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030655235 | Win | Senkima | Runerigus, Hatterene, Aegislash, Indeedee-F, Cursola, Reuniclus
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030657049 | Win | WAWEWAWE | Duraludon, Grimmsnarl, Coalossal, Weavile, Corviknight, Gastrodon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030658775 | Win | Jja81 | Abomasnow, Dracovish, Appletun, Reuniclus, Bronzong, Gastrodon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030662241 | Win | naomzz | Dracozolt, Darmanitan-Galar, Rotom-Wash, Dracovish, Ferrothorn, Galvantula
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030664046 | Win | MissiN0 | Hydreigon, Whimsicott, Duraludon, Pincurchin, Mimikyu-Busted, Lapras
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030665775 | Win | FenrirKnight | Mudsdale, Eldegoss, Dusclops, Vanilluxe, Rotom-Wash, Toxapex
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030670484 | Win | florestantan | Duraludon, Alcremie, Milotic, Dragapult, Morpeko, Torkoal
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030672868 | Win | Feguis | Dracovish, Whimsicott, Mimikyu-Busted, Corviknight, Togekiss, Lucario
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030675528 | Win | ConCore | Dragapult, Darmanitan-Galar, Excadrill, Gyarados, Dracovish, Hatterene
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030676918 | Loss | UnderRocks | Whimsicott, Lucario, Dracovish, Arcanine, Darmanitan-Galar, Obstagoon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030678341 | Win | Ojamapink | Duraludon, Tyranitar, Excadrill, Sigilyph, Vikavolt, Dugtrio
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030678776 | Loss | Havensnn | Lapras, Gothitelle, Braviary, Ferrothorn, Rotom-Heat, Kommo-o
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030680355 | Win | Senkima | Runerigus, Hatterene, Aegislash, Indeedee-F, Cursola, Reuniclus
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030681933 | Win | Ojamapink | Duraludon, Tyranitar, Excadrill, Sigilyph, Vikavolt, Dugtrio
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030683020 | Win | alehjandro | Tsareena, Grimmsnarl, Milotic, Gothitelle, Gengar, Cinderace
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030684769 | Loss | JHi98 | Roserade, Darmanitan-Galar, Hydreigon, Charizard, Seismitoad, Togekiss
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030686972 | Win | tuffyabc123 | Sandaconda, Lapras, Snorlax, Arcanine, Ferrothorn, Gothitelle
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030688752 | Win | superzzzape | Cofagrigus, Duraludon, Grimmsnarl, Ferrothorn, Araquanid, Gothitelle
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030691219 | Win | pasodjawds | Torkoal, Coalossal, Charizard, Arcanine, Cherrim, Gastrodon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030692686 | Win | MaxiboyBlaiddyd | Corviknight, Dracovish, Mimikyu-Busted, Whimsicott, Tyranitar, Cloyster
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030714823 | Win | Springfeel | Ninetales, Gastrodon, Diglett, Arcanine, Torkoal, Chandelure
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030717098 | Loss | Shadowmonstr7 | Oranguru, Torkoal, Rhyperior, Butterfree, Dusclops, Hatterene
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030717858 | Loss | zari54 | Gastrodon, Salazzle, Mew, Braviary, Whimsicott, Sylveon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030718783 | Win | JHi98 | Roserade, Darmanitan-Galar, Hydreigon, Charizard, Seismitoad, Togekiss
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030720368 | Loss | reilly0 | Dragapult, Ludicolo, Pelipper, Dracovish, Gastrodon-East, Crawdaunt
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030722165 | Loss | kingZAYBO | Espeon, Braviary, Corviknight, Obstagoon, Dracozolt, Lapras
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030725458 | Win | reilly0 | Dragapult, Ludicolo, Pelipper, Dracovish, Gastrodon-East, Crawdaunt
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030726955 | Loss | Moshiro | Cinderace, Doublade, Weezing-Galar, Appletun, Lapras, Mandibuzz
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030728820 | Win | seniorfiance | Toxtricity, Tyranitar, Darmanitan-Galar, Ferrothorn, Rotom-Wash, Whimsicott
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030730641 | Win | miniqq | Corviknight, Sylveon, Arcanine, Gastrodon, Flygon, Indeedee
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1030732545 | Win | ResidentThiccBoy | Charizard, Stonjourner, Whimsicott, Rillaboom, Rotom-Wash, Hydreigon
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1042411530 | Win | Yoda2798 | Arcanine, Whimsicott, Sylveon, Mew, Rotom-Mow, Gyarados
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1042417392 | Win | Yoda2798 | Arcanine, Whimsicott, Sylveon, Mew, Rotom-Mow, Gyarados
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1042469914 | Win | Yoda2798 | Arcanine, Whimsicott, Sylveon, Mew, Rotom-Mow, Gyarados
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1043168302 | Loss | Yoda2798 | Tyranitar, Excadrill, Braviary, Sylveon, Rotom-Wash, Whimsicott
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1043186109 | Loss | Yoda2798 | Charizard, Tyranitar, Excadrill, Indeedee-F, Whimsicott, Lapras
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1043187804 | Loss | InoriCrown54 | Charizard, Whimsicott, Hatterene, Conkeldurr, Ninetales, Dragapult
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1043188820 | Loss | Yoda2798 | Bisharp, Sylveon, Braviary, Rotom-Mow, Dracovish, Arcanine
https://replay.pokemonshowdown.com/gen8doublesou-1043190539 | Loss | Yoda2798 | Snorlax, Togekiss, Ferrothorn, Dracovish, Toxtricity, Whimsicott
